AI is going to obliterate your job and
that's fantastic news it's finally going
to free you up to make real money and
push your abilities farther than you've
ever taken them before if you don't
panic that is most people are going to
panic don't let that be you
if you do a search on Google right now
about AI you're going to find a whole
lot of terrifying things you're going to
see art that's indistinguishable from
the best artists on the planet you're
going to hear how AI can pass college
exams and get a high score on an IQ test
and for many of you you're going to see
examples of how AI could do your job
better than you can and this is all with
the clunky phase one product just wait
until AI has been on the market for six
months or more terrifyingly six years No
One Is Safe no job is safe it will be
that disruptive but as I always tell
people moments of disruption present the
biggest opportunity but you're gonna
have to be aggressive when everyone else
is freaking out is AI really that
revolutionary and if so how are you
really going to make money with it the
short answer is yes AI will be the
biggest change not just in your lifetime
in anyone's lifetime it is the Ultimate
Force multiplier right now humans are
limited by the rate at which they can
think and that determines the rate at
which they can solve problems and as
Elon Musk says people are paid in direct
proportion to the difficulty of the
problems they solve and if you can solve
them faster so much the better if you
want to try to beat AI I will just tell
you right now you are going to lose what
I want to convince you of in this video
is that you don't need to beat AI you
need to use it you need to have ai that
knows you're trying to record that warns
you hey you're not recording it almost
doesn't matter what industry you're in
you're going to be able to do a better
job with AI but you need to get the
first mover advantage and to do that you
need to stop researching Ai and start
using it at my company here impact
Theory we've already integrated AI into
our marketing funnels our copywriting
pipeline our concepting final image
generation creative iteration and human
voice generation and that's all just in
the last few months since ai's really
hit the market I've been watching AI
closely for a while and we've reached
what they call the elbow of the exponent
curve so exponential Technologies start
and they seem like they're not making
any progress and then they hit the elbow
of the curve and it seems almost to be a
straight vertical and the key is to not
get left behind so please don't waste a
single minute lamenting how things are
changing change is inevitable and change
at this speed is dangerous if you're not
paying attention by the way if you don't
know who I am I'm Tom bill you
co-founder of Quest Nutrition and impact
Theory one of those companies I sold for
a billion dollars and the other one is
generated roughly half a billion views
I've made a lot of money and touched a
lot of lives by seeing opportunities
that others have missed and I'm telling
you AI is the opportunity that you've
been waiting for but you have to make a
move given how much AI has already
altered our systems over the next few
years I'm expecting it to majorly
accelerate our ability to test and learn
not just here in society and whoever
learns the fastest is is going to win
this is all happening in plain sight
everyone's talking about AI I know this
isn't the first time that you're hearing
about it but to take advantage of this
moment I need you to do three Simple
Things One reframe your thinking around
AI don't see it as the enemy see it as a
tool it really is a phenomenal tool
you're not going to be replaced by AI at
least not yet you're going to be
replaced by a human using AI so please
be that human that's replacing other
people to do that you need to to figure
out how AI is going to disrupt you face
it head on don't run don't hide identify
your vulnerabilities and three identify
all of the AI tools that are relevant to
you and master them learn absolutely
everything you can remember this is the
very beginning of a very aggressive and
fast moving Revolution moving quickly
gives you to a advantages number one you
can rock it ahead of other people by
mastering the tools and if you master
the tools people are going to turn to
you because you're able to more
efficiently solve problems going back to
the Elon Musk quote if you can solve
harder problems faster you're going to
get paid more and in these early days
where most people are stuck in the deer
in headlights mode you have an unfair
Advantage the second thing is While
others are caught between Fascination
and panic you can be voraciously
acquiring skills and growing more useful
so take action now start mastering the
technology while everybody else is
absolutely playing around with AI
dismissing AI fighting against it or
running in fear if you embrace it you
can create a skill set moat around you
and leverage your knowledge to get paid
more or to build something that wasn't
even previously possible the second
advantage that AI gives you is an almost
unimaginable amount of efficiency in
certain tasks it is insane the things
you can do if you've seen it in action
it is breathtaking how fast it will come
up with answers I had it recently for a
holiday party I had it generate a quiz
based on the most popular movies and
songs and it did it literally in seconds
gave me a hundred different questions
and answers now don't get me wrong AI is
not a Panacea there are plenty of
problems that right now ai sucks at Sam
Altman the founder of openai the maker
of the ubiquitous chat GPT has himself
said that people are getting so hyped up
that they're going to be disappointed if
you think that this is Terminator 2
already and chat jpt is going to turn
into liquid metal and save you from some
space aliens yes you're going to be
disappointed but if on the other hand
you look at AI as an efficiency tool
that needs to be wielded by a very
capable and well-trained human you're
going to dunk on everyone AI can already
write articles create social posts
generate images make videos generate
human speech some summarize books or
emails and everything in between create
transcripts of speech allow you to edit
speech by editing the text of the
transcript Yes you heard that right you
could edit what I'm saying right now
just by editing the transcript I know
because we're working on integrating
that into our pipeline here as we speak
I had to create a verbal disclaimer
acknowledging that I knew a replica of
my voice was being generated just three
months ago this was something that was
too expensive for us to do and now it's
readily available that's how fast things
are moving here's the thing about AI
that most people are missing which is
why they're standing still right now and
why I hope you won't AI is about
efficiency and Rapid iteration the whole
way to get ahead in life is what I call
the physics of progress which is all
about trying something and learning and
in fact when I'm teaching people it I
often tell it this is like learning like
Ai and now you have ai at your
fingertips to speed that up legendary
futurist Ray Kurzweil per predicts that
this is all moving so fast that by the
year 2045 we will reach what he calls
the technological singularity he defines
that as the moment when technology
advances so fast that we can no longer
predict where things are headed why
should you believe him because
approximately 87 percent of the
technological predictions that he's made
over the last three decades have come
true he's so good at this that Google at
one point had him as their director of
engineering now maybe AI will fall into
the 13 of his misses but I doubt it and
here's why AI can improve itself let
that sink in chat GPT is getting smarter
right now through its interactions with
people and it can have tens of thousands
of conversations going on at the same
time with people all around the world if
you want to learn from people you can
only listen to one at a time and you
need to sleep you need to shower you
need to eat you get distracted by family
friends sex you spend an entire weekend
Doom scrolling AI on the other hand is
laser focused at all times and its
cognitive abilities are faster and
faster than yours or mine for sure it
has perfect recall and lives inside of a
series of supercomputers so powerful
that people predict AI will in the not
too distant future have a level of
intelligence that isn't just smarter
than the smartest human it will be
smarter than all humans combined
to give you a mile marker on a race to
the singularity in 2045 here's what Elon
Musk recently tweeted Chad GPT is scary
good we are not far from dangerously
strong AI
[Music]
so maybe AI is going to fall and occurs
while 13 percent of Misses but because
it comes too soon if you're still with
me and you haven't gone into deer in
headlights mode yet let me paint a
picture of a very exciting future
because I think AI while we have to be
very thoughtful and this could be very
dangerous it has the opportunity to
bring in a thrilling future impact
theory is a modern Media Company our job
is to entertain and inform we're trying
to build the next Disney a modern Disney
but they have a 96 year Head Start and
billions of dollars in IP and billions
of more in Revenue the only way that we
have any hope of catching up is to move
faster during a moment of disruption
that's why I want you guys thinking
about this in your own life this is how
lumbering Giants were always taken down
it's never by another big company It's
Always by the small guy the small
company that took a radically different
approach think about Netflix they
actually tried to get Blockbuster to buy
them for 1 million dollars Blockbuster
passed they couldn't see it whoops or
take Google they also tried to get Yahoo
to buy them for a million dollars but
Yahoo also passed they couldn't see it
but that's how it goes big businesses
have a hard time seeing the new future
because disrupting yourself is
terrifying even at the individual level
and it's really terrifying in business
but if you don't disrupt yourself
someone else will
so this is your shot this is your time
to disrupt yourself that is certainly
how everyone here at impact theory is
thinking about it here's how we're using
AI currently and a little bit about how
we plan to use it in the future as I
mentioned earlier we've already
integrated AI into our marketing funnels
our copywriting pipeline we've used it
for concept art final image generation
creative ideation even the human voice
generation that I was talking about and
our goal is to create an entirely new
form of entertainment that we call
borderless entertainment I won't go
deeply into that right now but the long
and the short of it is that we believe
with recent advancements in Ai and a few
other things like AR we're going to be
able to develop really immersive story
worlds that are actually able to
transcend your computer or PlayStation
and allow you to interact with the game
in real life doesn't mean that we're
bringing the game to life but it means
that we're actually able to allow
players to interact with the characters
through your phone text message things
like that we believe that game designers
are going to be able to generate fully
realized characters that look real speak
realistically can call you on the phone
reply to your text messages remember you
over time and give you a completely
customized experience that makes it feel
like you're really interacting with that
world we're also able to trigger game
events based on what you're doing in the
real world whether it's you going to a
specific location walking a certain
number of steps or sending a text
message to one of the characters gaming
is going to become hyper tailored hyper
responsive and Hyper immersive with new
story lines spaces characters
environments and dialogue all being
generated on the Fly thanks to Ai and
that's just entertainment wait till you
see what companies like biome and the
DNA company are doing with AI the amount
of data that AI can crunch through is
unbelievable and when you begin to apply
that to Medicine biology it gets crazy
really fast go Google's Alpha fold is a
great example they're using AI to
predict a protein's 3D structure just
from Reading its amino acid sequence in
the DNA all of life is really just data
what will we learn when we begin using
high powered AI to assess the building
blocks of life itself will we discover
the cure to cancer perhaps learn to
reverse aging there are very serious
people who believe all that and more is
not only possible it's inevitable now
don't get me wrong a lot of this hasn't
happened yet it may be years in the
future including some of the things that
we're talking about in gaming but all of
this stuff
is going to happen and I think it's
going to happen faster than any of us
think now if any of this sounds like the
beginning of a dystopian sci-fi movie
where we all get enslaved by AI let me
see if I can allay any of your fears
first of all none of this is Magic and
while it's true that any sufficiently
advanced technology is indistinguishable
from Magic and AI is really impressive
AI is not quite there yet for now it
really is just a tool but it is a very
exciting tool and the more you research
it the more I think you're going to see
that you're going to be able to use this
tremendous effect in your own life your
own job and those that learn to wield AI
well are going to own the future and
those that have first mover Advantage
will capture a disproportionate share of
the positive results now I think that
optimism is one of the most important
traits for anyone who wants to be
successful but I'm here to tell you that
being blindly optimistic is just stupid
AI in the wrong hands if we're not
careful is dangerous and we really do
have to be thoughtful about how we
proceed from here there are no free
lunches there is a Chinese curse that I
love that goes like this may you live in
interesting times thanks to AI I can
tell you most certainly you live in
interesting times but if you're
thoughtful if all of us are thoughtful
and we learn to use these as a tool it
doesn't have to be a curse so here's how
I see it and how I'm trying to get those
I love most to see AI I believe the AI
will make everyone
dramatically more efficient in that
efficiency you're going to be able to do
far more than you were able to do before
far more orders of magnitude more when I
think about how people can already do
incredible special effects on their cell
phone in just minutes the kind of
effects it used to cost Hollywood
Studios millions of dollars and take
months to pull off it literally blows my
mind that's why I say that if if you
have any kind of creative bone in your
body you should be over the moon excited
about AI you are no longer going to be
limited by how well you can draw or
sculpt in a 3D program or even by how
good you are at photography or filming
something all you have to do is get good
at describing in words what you want you
are truly going to be limited only by
how well you can phrase a prompt this is
something known as prompt Engineering in
myself and many others see prompt
engineering as an emerging field that
some of the brightest Minds will pour
into the only remaining question is will
you be one of those bright Minds pouring
in or will you be one of the deer and
headlights
[Music]
when I sold Quest I knew I never needed
to work a day in my life again but I
work harder now than ever for one simple
reason all that stands between you and
your dreams is having the right frame of
reference if I can just help you see
things from a new vantage point I know
that you'll be able to do some
incredible things you'll be one of the
people that cures cancer or reverses
aging or does some other currently
unimaginable thing I hope you'll use AI
to do those amazing things bigger and
far more efficiently now I say this with
love you cannot sleep on this maybe
you've let other moments pass you by but
don't miss this one now let me be clear
I can never guarantee that I'm seeing
things correctly I could be wrong I
don't have race track record but I do
know that you've got nothing to lose by
learning and you could have a whole lot
to gain by implementing so my advice is
to prepare now and take Massive Action I
always tell people action cures all for
example I think there are few people
more worried about AI than Elon but what
was his response the best way to control
the future is to invent it he invested a
billion dollars into open Ai and is busy
at work building AI systems to Pilot
both robots and cars that to me is how
you respond even if this is the bad kind
of interesting time don't just sit back
take action learn build create leverage
Ai and see what you can do together I
think you'll be surprised or maybe you
won't because maybe like me you'll have
already asked chatgpt if ai's future is
bright or not and here's what it told me
ai's future is bright as long as we
don't make it mad it's actually what it
said fingers crossed that that's meant
to be funny alright guys that's it now
go forth learn about Ai and be legendary
take care peace if you like this episode
be sure to check out the next episode
You're Gonna Love It I guarantee it
foreign
[Music]